  To interpret user needs and implement them into a program, it is important to start by meeting with stakeholders and users to get a solid understanding of the user needs, the purpose of the program, and the intended end goal. All requirements should then be prioritized before moving forward. Then we can move on to creating the sser stories. These focus on the importantce of features from a user perspective to effeectively capture user needs into a program, which leads to a much richer implementation.
  Approaching program development can always vary from person to person. Each person can have the same approach every time, or a different approach each time. Personally, I believe it comes down to a few key boxes that need to be checked before any development begins. First, I need to have a complete understanding of the problem I am trying to solve with the program. Second, the entirety of the project should be broken down into smaller, more doable tasks that make the process easier to track, more manageable, and overall less overwhelming. Third, these tasks need to be prioritized to further expedite planning and development iterations. Fourth, embrace the process of iterative development. This is the biggest, in my opinion, as continious feedback is extremely beneficial, and leaves an enriched trail of progress tracking. Finally, expand this sense of iteration into the rest of the process like continuous reviews, stand-up meetings, testing, gathering user/stakeholder feedback, overall improvement, etc.
  To be a good team member in software development, one needs to strengthen their focus in a few major ways. One big part of this is to be open and participate in communication and collaboration with the team. This means complete transparency between all team members and full engagement in meetings and discussions. This will open the door to new ideas and expedite brainstorming. Another part of being a good team member is exercising time management and keeping an eye on quality being delivered. It’s easy to sit there and feel your body get overwhelmed as tasks get piled up in front of you. It is essential to balance and prioritize these tasks to be more efficient and avoid any delays. As for quality, if time isn’t correctly managed and the overwhelming sense takes over, you can start to rush through tasks too quickly, allowing more room for error. If time management is done correctly and time is set aside to review the quality of each task, deliverables will be of a much higher quality, and deadlines will be met, keeping the client happy. Finally, a good team member holds themselves accountable. It’s very important to take ownership of your assigned tasks and work hard to prioritize so deadlines can be meet and quality can stay at its peak. 
